---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 10 Plans
description: These are the plans for week 10 with uses the utterence bot
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 10} }
image: images/plan-dice-760.jpg
---


#### Summary for week 10
These plans include detailed steps for week 10 assignment

## Week 10 Plans

**Monday:**
- Start the day by reviewing with the team to discuss tasks for the week and project progress.
- Listen to a teach session about the structure of NATM, Individual (Review on canvas), and Project Documentation.
- Receive updates on student teaching points from Teach.
- Continue work on NATM project and prepare for tomorrow's presentation.
- Address any image bugs and include images into recipe cards and details page.

**Tuesday:**
- Listen to student teaching.
- Finish project homework if possible.
- Continue working on tomorrow's presentation.
- Collaborate with Mr. Lopez to fix image errors.

**Wednesday:**
- Plan presentations for each group member.
- Present progress work to teach.
- Address image errors if still present after presentation.
- Continue improving the site and frontend.

**Thursday:**
- Listen to student teach.
- Complete and submit previous student teaching homework.
- Finish if possible homework for current student teach.
- Work on frontend development.
- Fix any bugs or persistent errors.

**Friday:**
- Continue work on frontend site.
- Listen to tech talk from teach.
- Use the work day to fix errors and improve frontend appearance.
- AP Exam Registration due by November 3rd.
