---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 6 Plans
description: These are the plans for week 6 with uses the utterence bot
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 6} }
image: images/plan-dice-760.jpg
---


#### Plans for week 6
These plans include detailed steps for week 6 assignment

## Week 6 Plans

**Monday:**
- Begin by listening to the teach tech talk.
- Make a plan for the week including all major details and tasks for each day.
- Start by reading into the Web Programming basics page.
- Copy code into your repo and begin making code for all the hacks (5 hacks).
  - Basic requirements:
    1. Making a menu.
    2. Using menu to guide topics.
    3. Making your own custom page and menu.
    4. Making a page dynamic through JavaScript.
    5. Review usage of Styles in GitHub Pages.

**Tuesday:**
- Begin by listening to a tech talk if there is one.
- Start making plans for the passion project end of tri grade.
- Continue doing hacks for the web programming basics.
- Complete each requirement for all the hacks as much as possible, ensure completion by the end of the day.
- Customize your web program, add a few images, add more hacks, etc.

**Wednesday:**
- Begin the day with a pair share review.
- Note down scores and feedback in comments.
- Review with team table and note down scores and improvements.
- Sign up for the test tomorrow and ensure everything is in working condition.
- Check teach blog for AWS deployments and deploy site with Amazon Web Services.

**Thursday:**
- Complete test with teach and check rubric before to add more stuff and check off all the required items.
- Begin the weekly summary.

**Friday:**
- Continue the weekly summary.
- Attend the 2.2 Data compression tech talk.
- Begin making plans for next week's team teaching project.
- Start making the script for the team teaching project.
- Assign roles and create homework to grade (30 mins outside class).
