---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 7 Plans
description: These are the plans for week 7 with uses the utterence bot
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 7} }
image: images/plan-dice-760.jpg
---


#### Plans for week 7
These plans include detailed steps for week 7 assignment



## Week 7 Plans

**Monday:**
- Listen to a tech talk from teach about Algorithms.
- After the tech talk, begin working on Thursday's teaching project.
- Start making pictures, code, and everything required for the teaching project.

**Tuesday:**
- Work day.
- Continue work on the teaching project.
- Complete any visuals needed and check the working condition of the Python code cells.
- Begin planning for the ideation video.
  - Create plans and script of the 5 min video and divide basic segments.
  - Extra Credit SEED 0.1 Raise opportunity.

**Wednesday:**
- Start the day by listening to a tech talk, if available.
- Continue the day by listening to the Data Abstraction student lessons.
- Work on any HW assignment assigned by the team.
- Continue work for tomorrow's Algorithms teaching.

**Thursday:**
- Short day.
- Ensure everything is up and ready, and everyone knows what to say.
- Continue correcting errors.
- Present and teach algorithms to the class.
- Ensure it's interactive with the class and they don't get bored.
- Assign HW.

**Friday:**
- Work day.
- Continue planning and working on the ideation video.
- Create individual parts for the video.
- Try to complete plans so that the video can be completed over the weekend.
- Homecoming tomorrow!!
