---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 5 Plans
description: These are the plans for week 5 with uses the utterence bot
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 5} }
image: images/plan-dice-760.jpg
---


#### Plans for week 5
These plans include detailed steps for week 5 assignment

## Week 5 Plans

**Tuesday:**
- Team teaching tech talks.
- Complete scripts (code, collaboration).
- Team teaching prep.
- Begin writing scripts for code and also start planning for making plans for the videos, editing etc.
- Comment code, receive extensive feedback from Chat-GPT, create a flowchart for visual representation of recipe manager.

  **Extra Credit:**
  - Extra credit event is from 3:50 to 4:30 in Mort's room. Raises seed by 0.35 points.

**Wednesday:**
- End of trimester project talks.
- Begin making plans for the project.
- Start the day by reviewing with the team on what was done yesterday and what is to be done.
- Continue with team teaching prep.
- Finish up final quick changes to scripts and recording.
- Review team video.
- Complete code and review/ fix bugs etc.

**Thursday:**
- Review Python Flask and anatomy project.
- Complete scripts for team teaching project, review each member's parts of the teach.
- Review video, add to script.
- Take notes on team teaching project.
- Complete and make sure everything is set for tomorrow's review.
- Review what everyone is going to say tomorrow, how we are going present, order etc.

**Friday:**
- Present project.
- Teach 3.3, 3.4 Algorithms to class.
- Make review notes from other teaches.
